Artificial Intelligence Fall 2016
Final Project: NeverRed

Authors: Alex Gribov and Donovyn Pickler
File: Index of code

NOTE: To run any of our code you must have SUMO installed on your system.
      This can be done with "sudo apt-get install sumo*".
      It's about 100 mB and your installation may or may not need debugging.

runner(old).py     - Main executable. Loads in nets, nodes, and additional files.
	      - Generates route files (distribution of cars). Currently we have
	      	it generating a random binomial distribution in both x and y.

		Originally created by SUMO team, though we are using it as a
		base for our main code.

newRunner.py  - Same file, but was used for Alex to expirement and debug while
	      	creating sensors. Currently, running this file is the same as
		runner.py, except that it will place a MEME sensor in each lane
		and print the number of cars in the left sensor to the shell.

Runner2016.py - More recent version of the file, edited by Donovyn to alter the
		vehicle types that will be used and what paths they will take.
		This and newRunner.py will be merged and conflicts between the
		two will be handled in the not too distant future.

Useful information.txt
		- A place for note-taking. Not much in there because we forgot
		about it and used Slack to communicate.

embedded.py	- Helper functions, not made by us.

/tools folder	- Copy of python scripts from the SUMO directory. Various tools
       		  and helper functions

/data folder	- Files containing xml files that define the layout and operation
      		  of the simulation.
		- Edges are double sided roads.
		- Nodes are points connected by edges (traffic light sits on Node 0)
		- Cross.det.xml was created by us, and contains the definition of
		  the sensors we're using
		- e3output.xml was generated by our runner.py script, and is output
		  data from our sensors, containing information that we use to evaluate
		  the light. This file will be ignored in future commits, as we
		  can generate it whenever needed.
